okay so Beebe how did you get involved
in this project I had somebody from
Warner send me the song that Ray Khan
was working on and I heard it and I
absolutely loved it and I love soccer so
I was like I'm definitely gonna do this
so what's the concept for the video the
concept for the video is Bonnie and
Clyde so we kind of run away do bad
things and we're just in love and we rob
a bank and yeah everything Bonnie and
Clyde is known for you know badass sexy
romantic you know so awesome okay so
speaking of Bonnie and Clyde I want to
talk about some potential Clyde's to
your Bonnie okay it's an actual athletes
oh we were laying in the Gold Cup yes
okay so as we're both music fans I want
to play a game where I show you a player
I'm gonna give you some facts about him
and then I want you to give me a theme
song okay okay cool
so we will start with this handsome
gentleman this is Clint Dempsey Clint
Dempsey
yes well he has no shirt on and he's
pretty sexy so I'm gonna say I'm too
sexy for my shirt
hey Clint Dempsey she's sexy for his
shirt I love sorry Clint but you are too
sexy for your shirt okay
this is another favorite Kyle Beckerman
whoo check out the dreads he has that
kind of crunchy granola vibe I'm gonna
actually go with a Bob Marley song and
it's the dress isn't it it's the dress I
know but you know it you know I'll say
like one love or something Bob Marley
one love Kyle Beckerman max another
personal favorite this DeAndre headland
he also plays for the US Men's National
Team very snappy dresser off the field
I just like I feel like I want to give
him a Bruno Mars type song grenade I
don't know I feel like he would catch a
grenade for me awesome DeAndre you can
catch a grenade for baby
awesome okay next up one more from the
US Men's National Team we have Jozy
Altidore I don't wanna give him a party
song I think he looks like a party kind
of guy
what can we give him oh just my new
favorite song how about Lean on Me by MO
and Diplo I know it's a new song but
it's like my new favorite song so
amazing so we'll just imagine Josie
getting into that yeah okay all right
now moving on to two that will
definitely seen the Gold Cup they're on
the Mexican national team okay
chichay visa all right
that's right so I will say Justin Bieber
baby
all right baby baby baby chichén itzá
okay last one another personal favorite
for the Mexican national team Carlos
Vela yes Carlos yeah I'm gonna say my
anaconda don't want none unless you got
buns hun is that the original the Nicki
Minaj you were the original well we'll
go with the original all right excellent
Carlos Vela baby got back